not burned on soccer in quite some time
I mean there's only so many times that I
can run clips of scoreless ties guys
faking injuries fans rioting divorce
comes with two it is but today Brazilian
coach Pedro Santilli has forced my hand
check him out he walked right onto the
field lowers his shoulder sort of and
makes incidental contact with this guy
who goes down like he was shot he's
barely even touched by some old man in a
bowling shirt he's riding on the ground
like he got taken out by sniper fire how
Gary soccer of him an equally soccer of
none of his teammates to have his back
even if he was faking that injury like
something like that could ever play here
i mean if i were a soccer player i'd
probably be thinking about porn also
during the game well that and when to
die
that's right that's pretty traumatic you
may have missed it and consider yourself
lucky if you did but Manchester United
beat chelsea on penalty kicks to win the
UEFA championship I know shocking that
the score was still tied at the end of
regulation even more shocking that it
wasn't a scoreless tie and how fitting
that they would decide arguably the
biggest game of the year on penalty
kicks I mean how soccer of them nothing
like playing the entire game and then 20
tees and deciding the championship on
kicks I'd be like
how do you decide to title on kicks why
not come up with something a little less
random like I don't know flipping coins
hotel
we all know soccer has an embarrassment
of riches when it comes to its problems
no goals fake injuries violin fans
so wait
Oh